Persistent device id guard (#90)
hpsim/OGL: README.md

---

> A wrapper for [ginkgo](https://github.com/ginkgo-project/ginkgo) solvers and preconditioners to provide GPGPU capabilities to OpenFOAM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OGL is a wrapper for [ginkgo](https://github.com/ginkgo-project/ginkgo) solvers and preconditioners to provide GPGPU capabilities to OpenFOAM.
```

> additionally, the following preconditioner are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additionally, the following preconditioners are available
```

> ### Supported Matrix Format (Experimental)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Supported Matrix Formats (Experimental)
```

ZeroGuess | True | Multigrid

## Known Limitations

> Currently only basic cyclic boundary conditions are supported. Block-coupled matrices are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, only basic cyclic boundary conditions are supported. Block-coupled matrices are not supported.
```

A detailed overview of performance data is given in a separate  [data repository](https://github.com/greole/OGL_DATA).

> This repo contains mainly proof of concept work. This might change in future if we can acquire some funding and do some proper redesigning. Until then feel free to play around and contact me if anything doesn't work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository contains mainly proof of concept work. This might change in the future should we receive funding to that effect, and redesign properly. Until then feel free to play around and contact me if anything doesn't work.
```
